I met Lain for the second time today.
She looked right at me and called me "sensei." That made me feel good, and I blushed.
I wonder if I’ve become transparent to her already.
I must be an inexperienced counselor if I blush just because I’m called a sensei.
From the first time I met Lain, I had an unusual sense about her.
I wonder what that was.
When I look at her eyes, I feel as though she can see right through me.
I wonder if she feels that I am someone that can help her.
I don’t remember myself being as relaxed as Lain when I was her age.
She seems very composed.
A 12-year-old is still a child, but Lain seems like an adult.
They say that kids are all getting precocious these days.
I guess times are changing.
Ah!
Now I’m talking like an old woman.
Don’t let any hallucinations beat you, Lain!
I’m going to make you well.